Instant Cash Offer for your Trade In | Kelley Blue Book
Kelley Blue Book℠Instant Cash OfferA cash or trade-in offer you can trust, redeemable today, based on Blue Book® Values.Instant Cash Offers ("Offer(s)") are not available in all areas and not all vehicles are eligible. Your Offer is valid at Participating Dealers for 3 days (not counting Sundays) as stated on the Offer Certificate. Kelley Blue Book will not redeem Offers nor purchase your vehicle from you. Vehicles must pass a mandatory inspection by a Participating Dealer. If the inspection report differs from your description or online assessment of your vehicle’s condition, the Participating Dealer may adjust the offer amount, which may result in a decrease of the offer. Kelley Blue Book and its affiliates disclaim all liability resulting from an adjustment of the offer or refusal to accept your vehicle by Participating Dealer(s). Participating Dealers are not owned or operated by, nor are they affiliated with or acting on behalf of, Kelley Blue Book. Participating Dealers pay Kelley Blue Book or its affiliate to subscribe to the Kelley Blue Book Instant Cash Offer program. The Offer may not reflect the highest sale price or trade-in value available for your vehicle, and may be less than the Kelley Blue Book Trade-In Value or the Trade-In Range for a similar vehicle. Program Terms and Conditions apply and can be found here. The Kelley Blue Book℠ Instant Cash Offer is a dependable way to trade in or sell your car today. It's a real offer based on trusted Blue Book® Values.How it worksHow It WorksYour Instant Cash Offer is good for 3 days. (not counting Sundays)Tell us about your car and get your Offer online.Visit a Participating Dealer so they can verify your car's features & condition.Use your offer to trade in your car or let the dealer buy it for cash.An Amount You Can Rely OnBlue Book® Values form the basis for every offer.See where your offer stands within the Trade-in Value Range so you can make a confident decision.How is an Instant Cash Offer different from the Trade-in Range?Instant Cash Offers ("Offer(s)") are not available in all areas and not all vehicles are eligible. Your Offer is valid at Participating Dealers for 3 days (not counting Sundays) as stated on the Offer Certificate. Kelley Blue Book will not redeem Offers nor purchase your vehicle from you. Vehicles must pass a mandatory inspection by a Participating Dealer. If the inspection report differs from your description or online assessment of your vehicle’s condition, the Participating Dealer may adjust the offer amount, which may result in a decrease of the offer. Kelley Blue Book and its affiliates disclaim all liability resulting from an adjustment of the offer or refusal to accept your vehicle by Participating Dealer(s). Participating Dealers are not owned or operated by, nor are they affiliated with or acting on behalf of, Kelley Blue Book. Participating Dealers pay Kelley Blue Book or its affiliate to subscribe to the Kelley Blue Book Instant Cash Offer program. The Offer may not reflect the highest sale price or trade-in value available for your vehicle, and may be less than the Kelley Blue Book Trade-In Value or the Trade-In Range for a similar vehicle. Program Terms and Conditions apply and can be found here.